Added `queue.md` in the Kotlin (#1563)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/queue/queue.md

---
Title: 'Queue'
Description: 'A Queue is a collection interface that offers additional operations for accessing or manipulating items at the head of the queue.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Collections'
  - 'Queues'
  - 'Data Structures'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> A **`Queue`** is a data structure that stores elements in a linear order, and follows the First In, First Out (FIFO) principle. This means that the first element added to the queue will be the first one to be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **`Queue`** is an interface in Kotlin that represents a data structure that stores elements in a linear order, and follows the First In, First Out (FIFO) principle. This means that the first element added to the queue will be the first one to be removed.
```

> ### Syntax

Reviewer 2: These should be h2 (not h3)

The syntax for creating a `Queue` in Kotlin using the `LinkedList` class is as follows:

```pseudo
val queue = LinkedList<Type>()
```

> Where `Type` is the type of elements that the `Queue` will hold, for example, to store integers, use `Int` as the type :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Type` is the type of elements that the `Queue` will hold. For example, to store integers, use `Int` as the type:
```

Maybe instead of creating a new pseudo block, we can list the possible types (including `Int`) and link out to the data types entry. In addition, I think the queue interface pseudo block can be appended to the first pseudo block (so it's just one block). This can be explained following the syntax/pseudo block.

> ### Syntax
> 
> The syntax for creating a `Queue` in Kotlin using the `LinkedList` class is as follows:
> 
> ```pseudo
> val queue = LinkedList<Type>()
> ```
> 
> `Type` is the type of elements that the `Queue` will hold. For example, to store integers, use `Int` as the type:
> 
> ```pseudo
> val queue = LinkedList<Int>()
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The syntax for creating a `Queue` in Kotlin using the `LinkedList` class is as follows:

```pseudo
val queue = LinkedList<Type>()
```

`Type` is the [type](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/kotlin/data-types) of elements that the `Queue` will hold like `Int` and `String`.
```

The `Queue` interface, which is implemented by `LinkedList`, can also be used:

```pseudo
val queue = LinkedList<Type>().toQueue()

> ```

Reviewer 2: Is this good practice?

### Example

```kotlin
// Create a new queue
val queue = LinkedList<Int>()

// Add elements to the queue
queue.add(1)
queue.add(2)
queue.add(3)

// Remove elements from the queue
val firstElement = queue.remove() // Returns 1

> val secondElement = queue.remove() // Returns 2

Reviewer 2: Can we add an output block following the example + explanation?

Reviewer 2: @dakshdeepHERE Please print out the queue so we can see what it looks like after these lines

---
Title: 'Queue'
Description: 'A Queue is a collection interface that offers additional operations for accessing or manipulating items at the head of the queue.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Collections'
  - 'Queues'
  - 'Data Structures'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> A `queue` is a data structure that stores elements in a linear order, and follows the First In, First Out (FIFO) principle. This means that the first element added to the queue will be the first one to be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **`Queue`** is a data structure that stores elements in a linear order, and follows the First In, First Out (FIFO) principle. This means that the first element added to the queue will be the first one to be removed.
```

You should mention here that `Queue` is an interface in Kotlin.

### Syntax

> The syntax for creating a queue in Kotlin using the LinkedList class is as follows :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax for creating a `Queue` in Kotlin using the `LinkedList` class is as follows:
```

```pseudo
val queue = LinkedList<Type>()
```

> Where Type is the type of elements that the queue will hold, for example, if you want to store integers, you can use Int as the type :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `Type` is the type of elements that the `Queue` will hold, for example, to store integers, use `Int` as the type :
```

```pseudo
val queue = LinkedList<Int>()
```

> You can also use the Queue interface which is implemented by LinkedList :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Queue` interface, which is implemented by `LinkedList`, can also be used:
```

```pseudo
val queue = LinkedList<Type>().toQueue()
```

### Example

```kotlin
// Create a new queue
val queue = LinkedList<Int>()

// Add elements to the queue
queue.add(1)
queue.add(2)
queue.add(3)

// Remove elements from the queue
val firstElement = queue.remove() // Returns 1
val secondElement = queue.remove() // Returns 2
```

> Alternatively, you can use Queue interface which is implemented by LinkedList :

Reviewer: Remove this and the example. It's redundant with the syntax section.

Author: alright

```kotlin
val queue = LinkedList<Int>().toQueue()
```

> In the above example, we create a new `queue` using the `LinkedList` class, then add three elements to it using the `.add()` method. We then remove the elements from the `queue` using the `.remove()` method, which returns the first element added to the `queue` (1). The second and third elements (2 and 3) can be removed in the same way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, a new `Queue` is created using the `LinkedList` class, then three elements are added to it using the `.add()` method. Then elements are removed from the `Queue` using the `.remove()` method, which returns the first element added to the `Queue` (`1`). The second and third elements (`2` and `3`) can be removed in the same way.
```

> ### Methods

Reviewer: These should be their own terms under the Queue concept.

Author: alright will remove them and create a terms folder. @SSwiniarski
